Added spec section for inferred spans (#842)
elastic/apm: specs/agents/tracing-spans.md

being low. Agents do not need to wait for children to end before reporting a
parent.

### Inferred Spans

Agents MAY support so-called inferred spans: Inferred spans are spans which are not created using instrumentation, but derived from profiling data.
E.g. when a transaction is active on a thread, the agent will periodically fetch stacktraces for the given thread.
Based on these stacktraces, the agent tries to infer spans in addition to the ones captured via normal instrumentation.

Inferred spans can be parents of normal spans. Given the following example:
 * Transaction `A` has a child span `C`
 * The span `B` is inferred to be a child of `A`, and `B` is the new parent of `C`
 * Resulting trace: `A` → `B` → `C`

> Agents MAY perform the span inference delayed. As a result, the spans `A` and `C` might have already been sent at the time `B` is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Agents MAY perform the span inference after the transaction or child spans were ended. As a result, the spans `A` and `C` might have already been sent at the time `B` is created.
```
